Addressing apparent failure to configure (#634)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/private/automating-the-installer.html.md

done
```

## If the installation does not appear to be configured correctly

> If the installation is successful, but prompts for additional configuration rather than skipping that step, it's likely that the supplied configuration files were not applied during installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the installation script (`install.sh`) exits successfully, but the Replicated web UI prompts for additional configuration rather than skipping that step, it's likely that the supplied configuration files were not applied during installation.
```

> * Verify the locations of the files: `/etc/replicated.conf` for the Replicated configuration file, and the path specified in the Replicated configuration file for the application settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify the locations and permissions of the files: `/etc/replicated.conf` for the Replicated configuration file, and the path specified in the Replicated configuration file for the application settings. 
```

Author: Great suggestion - what are the correct permissions? 600? 400? 644?

Reviewer: 644 will work fine. If we want tighten permissions for security puproses then it's 600 and owned by the replicated user

> * Run a JSON validator on the files to check their validity.

Reviewer 2: After fixing what was wrong with the files, do you run the install script again? Or just go to the web UI?

Author: Ah yeah, that's a good call as something to add. To verify that they work, you'd need to re-run it. I'll update.
